My Projects history


Aina Station 
1. Aina station is an app that records and syncs data such as hemoglobin, hba1c, glucose, etc to the server.
2. It works in conjunction with the Aina app which basically gets these values from company built hardware.
3. Janacare also makes Aina device which basically gets the info such as blood glucose, hba1c, hb etc from blood.
4. Aina station requests blood data from Aina app which transfers this data.
5. After getting the data it saves the data in its DB as a visit(as a session for that patient) and syncs the data for the visit to the server.


Questions that can be asked based on this:
1. How do you transfer the data and get it back from Aina app?
2. How do you save the data in database?
3. How do you sync the data to server.
4. What is retrofit?
5. What is Room DB?



Panda
1. Panda is an app that monitors user activity and lifestyle based on Geofencing.
2. This app is basically made for the people of Singapore to study their, food, activity and sleep habits by University of Singapore.
3. Whenever user gets out of his/her house the app based on geofence fires a survey asking a bunch of questions.
4. Based on the input over a period of time a study is formulated that will help in understanding lifestyle of the people.


Question that may be asked based on this:
1. What is geofence?
2. How do you use google maps to find location?
3. What is google api client, how do you use it?
4. What is a survey how did you implement it.

Habits
1. Habits is a lifestyle app specifically designed  for diabetes patients.
2. It helps user to monitor their weight, activity, food intake, insulin etc.
3. It is done by,  everyday guiding users to go through studies, track their weight, tell them what to eat and what not etc.
4. It works in conjunction with habits doctor which is a web app where you can talk to a doctor whose client id you have entered during signup.
5. The response of the doctor is obtained in the app  on the coach message screen or if the app is minimised as an sms.


